H-H-H-H...
And you're barely staying on your feet.
You sound out of breath, my rival.
Not yet...
Just you wait!
So that's what the creatures
here were scared of.
That's my line!
Aw, it got away. Too bad.
Speak for yourself, dumbass!
I think it's pretty strong. We came
here because we wanted to fight it, too.
La?
Looks like that spider wanted
to eat you, too, Charmy.
How dare you?! I just missed out
on eating the nummies in there!
I'm nearing my limit...
But my rival is also suffering.
Luck, Magna, thank you.
That was a close one!
You okay?
La!
La?
I can't... hold on any longer!
N-Now's not the time for that...
I'm not letting this big one get away!
Charmy, h-hurry and let go of the net!
It's so powerful...
Look out!
Not yet! Hold up, Noelle!
But then, when I tried to become
a member of the Royal Knights
and competed against each
other to reach new heights.
Ever since then, we've fought together,
trained together,
I felt something in my heart
when you told of us your dreams.
Despite that you were
a peasant with no magic,
and shut you all up!
become the Wizard King,
I'm going to pile up merit,
Listen up, you bastards!
The moment I first met you...
Asta!
I can't let this get to me if
I want to be the Wizard King!
Of you, probably.
But I will not lose!
How are our magic levels so different
when we're both royalty?
I'm having a harder time getting
through than I thought.
it's the worst possible compatibility
with my water magic.
With the mana in here being this powerful,
She's so fast!
Wha—
Pardon me!
Reinforcement Magic: Leg Strength Boost!
No, it'll be me!
I'm getting to the goal first!
I'm not done yet!
Right!
Let's show them what the
Crimson Lion Kings are truly made of!
Is that all you've got?
Leo and Asta are far ahead of us!
Stay calm, stay calm...
If I get irritated, I'll lose even more control.
Calm down, calm down...
They're distracting me and making
me lose control of my magic.
Ugh, they're so loud!
Jeez, could you be any less motivated?!
So that I can go into the hot spring.
Actually, Nero, what the
heck did you come for?
I'm not going to lose, my rival!
That's the spirit!
...we just have to shout!
At times like this...
I'm starting to get dizzy from all the heat!
which is exhausting us
at an unbelievable rate.
The deeper we go, the more the
mana underground increases,
Hot, hot, hot!
I'm not going to lose!
There's no room! Let me pass by, Asta!
I'm going to get to the goal first!
as their training ground.
Wait... this isn't a shortcut to the goal?!
La! I can feel it! The ingredients
are hiding in fear of something!
Something's wrong... I sense the
unknown creatures down there.
Maybe they're not here.
But you haven't been able
to catch a single thing.
La! We need to taste the unknown creatures
and replenish our mana right away!
Charmy, it's dangerous
to stay here much longer!
It's so hot... My mana is being used
up much faster than I expected.
Nummies...
Hi-yah!
such a powerful aura?
How am I supposed to not fight
it when it's emitting
We don't have time to fight
anything like that, you dumbass!
to take down the Eye of the Midnight Sun,
who killed my brother,
Don't worry. The strong guy lurking
in this cave should be right up here.
Isn't the goal deeper underground?!
And anyway, is this really a shortcut?!
I'm gonna kill you, no matter what!
I'll kill—
You little shit... You did
that on purpose, didn't you?!
My bad, Magna.
if I let my guard down for
one second, I'm in trouble.
Even with this magic item helping me out,
The heat from the mana
down here is so intense...
How do you expect to survive
if you can't even handle this?
Petit Clover
A dungeon, eh? Things are getting exciting.
Don't tell me that's...
Must be an ancient curse.
Elaborate camouflage that
even I couldn't see through...
That must be how it kept hiding from you.
And...
That thing has man-made mana within it.
Mana it wasn't born with.
But it appears that bug isn't a mere mutant.
Or so I'd like to say...
I can't argue with that.
True... I didn't picture
this as an actual battle.
Petit Clover!
Not to mention, we're going to be
facing a devil from another world!
The unexpected always happens in battle!
Don't be naïve!
If you knew that thing was down here,
you should've told us—
How could you do something like that?!
It attacked you, thinking you
were food, just as I planned.
So I decided to try to throw you lot in here.
It never shows itself before me.
but I'm sure it's able to sense
those that are stronger than it is.
I wanted to teach it a lesson,
eating up all the creatures around here.
Hey, where's your food?
May my roar resonate through
the depths of the earth!
Page 133
The Lion Awakens, Continued
Next time on Black Clover, Page 133:
"The Lion Awakens, Continued."
I will conquer it first!
Just watch, Asta, my rival.
A dungeon?!
You went too far!
No, 10,000!
Actually, I'm just gonna surpass
that and go to scenario 100!
And scenario 3!
You just didn't eat!
Ha! I surpassed you in eating!
That bug is a mutant that
recently showed up and has been
Let's dig in!
Scenario 2!
You didn't surpass me! You cut in line!
What?!
See ya!
Captain Yami! I can't hold it
any longer! Please come out!
Scenario 1!
Scenario 1
Asta! I've made up my mind to catch
up to you and surpass you immediately!
I'll Surpass You.
I'll Surpass You
I-I'm royalty! I may make others wait,
but I don't wait for anyone!
What's wrong?!
We're in a cave! A cave! We're not at the beach!
G-Get a grip, me!
I'm seeing nothing but the ocean!
Let's go swim together!
Wait up, Noelle!
Stay calm... Calm down and take another look...
What?!
Noelle!
N-No, it couldn't be! I must be seeing things.
Swim trunks?!
Wait up!
No!
Hold up, Noelle!
I can't keep this up much longer.
We're still not at the goal?
I'm going to catch up to you!
I've continued training hard to this day.
With that frustration still in my heart,
I will get revenge for Captain Fuegoleon,
no matter what!
Leopold...
and surpass you!
I will train even harder,
catch up to all of you,
I was not chosen.
Crap—
Really?
You never look this happy after
our daily training sessions.
Yes.
You can stand, can't you, Leo?
You okay?!
Leopold!
Flame Magic: Spiral Flames!
Take this!
I missed?!
Water Creation Magic: Sea Dragon's Roar!
Asta!
There's another reason why
I chose this underground cave
You okay? What the heck is that monster?!
Asta?!
Was it my imagination?
Asta?
I wonder why...
The mana seems calmer in here.
Honestly... Th-That was his fault
for talking to me out of nowhere.
Hey, Noelle! Where'd you go?!
What the heck was that for?!
Whoa!
What?!
Hey! Where the hell are we?!
I've heard of your adventures
fighting the elves and the devil.
It's been a while, my rival.
Leo! And Captain Fuegoleon?!
Of course...
You'll be training, of course!
Lady Mereoleona, since you brought
us here, does that mean...
Yul...tim?
This is a strong magic region,
the Yultim Volcano!
Right... This is the first
visit here for most of you.
I'm losing calories just by standing
here and getting hungry, la!
This is so exciting, isn't it?!
Why did I wake up in a crazy place like this?!
And I heard you were fighting on the
front lines with the Crimson Lion Kings!
We see it, all right...
Yultim
Volcano
Trail
Shut up. You'll see when we get there.
Where are we supposed to go?
I seriously have no idea
what's going on right now!
This seems fun!
But we haven't finished eating our cakes, la!
No! I have nothing but
bad feelings about this!
All of you who are here
right now, come with me.
I don't see Yami, but whatever.
So... what brings you here today?
the devil who was manipulating the
whole situation from the shadows.
Huh? Wha?!
Hold it.
All right! Let's haul ass to
the hot springs at the top!
We were kidnapped, just like last time.
I wouldn't call this "invited."
Yes, ma'am!
we'll be training with the Crimson Lion
Kings and the others I have invited.
Just like last time,
we'll all have to become stronger individually.
and in order to prove Asta's innocence,
We will protect this kingdom as the
proud Magic Knights that we are,
I hear that the devil in the
Spade Kingdom is an even bigger threat.
I see your door is as weak as ever.
The only one to blame here is
What are you talking about?
We ended up turning against all of you,
our allies. We're deeply sorry.
In the previous battle, the three of
us had our bodies taken over by elves.
I am the Vice Captain of the Crimson
Lion Kings, Randall Luftair.
Vice Captain of the Crimson Lion Kings
Randall Luftair
Do you have a moment?
Black Bulls...
Hey! Well, I've gotten more muscles, too!
Not only did I get taller,
I've grown as a Magic Knight, too!
Hey, did you get a little taller?!
After receiving some time off from Yami,
On the contrary, they were very proud of him
But no one in Hage Village had
doubted Asta, not even for a second.
Please believe that.
Asta isn't a devil's servant.
He's actually trying to defeat them.
That article is mistaken.
Right. About that...
I saw you in the paper.
was suspected of being a devil's servant.
they learned that the village
already knew that Asta
Once they reached Hage,
On the way, he unexpectedly reunited
with Yuno, who was also heading home.
Asta headed back to his home village of Hage.
and Yuno for becoming Magic Knights
and saving the village.
and to become the Wizard King!
He's working hard to prove that,
Anyone in this world can still shine!
or even if you're poor...
Even if you are a peasant,
He continues to diligently
aim for the top!
and he never gave up,
despite how much he got hurt.
With guts and hard work,
he made it into the Magic Knights,
His name is Asta.
there is one boy who can't use magic.
In this kingdom where magic is everything,
Thanks!
Mereoleona Vermillion
I-I knew it! You're...
I'm pretty sure this has happened before...
led by Mister Yami, the Black Bu—
Don't you know this is the hideout
of the Magic Knights Squad
You bastard! I have no idea who
the hell you are, but keep it down!
Magna's covered in cake!
Thanks, Charmy.
In that case, here. All of you have
some so you can work even harder.
so we can go up against the
devil with everything we've got!
We need to get even stronger
It's so good! I can feel the
energy flowing through me!
You won't be climbing the volcano this time.
Try some. You need your nutrients.
There are other things to
think about, aren't there?
Well, aren't you all riled up
first thing in the morning, Asta!
I'm gonna get even stronger!
Just you watch, Yuno!
The Lion Awakens
...let's continue moving forward.
In order to protect everyone...
We've only just begun.
But it's not over yet.
Asta and Yuno got to enjoy
a brief visit back home.
Sh-Shut up! Don't make me kill you!
Me!
No, me!
No, it'll be me!
I'm gonna get to the goal first!
Yeah!
the heat of this strong magic region!
Get through this trial with burning
desire that surpasses even
You are the proud Magic Knights
of the Clover Kingdom.
It appears you're all prepared.
Mana Skin... I should be able to handle
that now by donning my Valkyrie Armor.
Shut your stupid mouth!
Nyah, nyah, Scaredy-Cat Magna!
It'll be me!
Ha, so you were scared!
I'll figure out this Mana Skin
business in no time!
I've got no time to be scared!
Not bad, Asta!
Well done, my rival!
I'm feeling even more fired up!
All right, this will work!
He surrounded his body with anti-magic.
Oh?
so that I don't immediately get
sucked in by the powerful magic.
I'm going to concentrate
and control my powers
But now, I have some control over it.
Uh, but...
It's no fun for them to just
try to get to the hot spring.
Well... I wonder how many
of them will reach the goal.
Wait!
Just you wait, unknown ingredients that
were seasoned by the underground mana!
Hell yeah!
I assure you that they are.
So these creatures... Are they delicious?
I want to become stronger so I can
fight alongside the other Black Bulls.
If you have no desire to grow, then flee.
but also unknown creatures that
have adapted to such conditions.
You will endure not only
scorching mana in the cave,
I won't stop you.
but I couldn't control it at all.
I'm going to run away, la.
Shh! I'm starving, so I have no interest
in going anywhere that has no food.
Charmy, where are you going?
Sneaky-sneak...
Yes!
Let us go, too!
Wait up, damn it!
I'm gonna leave you behind if
you dawdle too long, Magna!
I won't lose, either!
Hot spring...
It'll be me!
If your Mana Skin falters,
I dunno.
Wait. What the hell is Mana Skin?
It actually exists?!
You're not ready for that!
sweet honey flows instead of lava!
I request that we switch over
to the sweets region where
Hot... spring?
Well? Doesn't that make you excited?
has an even better hot spring!
Have no fear. The goal, which is
the deepest part of the cave,
and burn up, reducing you to ashes.
your bodies will be exposed
to the immense mana
You Magic Knights essentially
enhance your physical abilities
the stronger the influence of
the mana heat source becomes.
Which means the further you go underground,
become lava due to the heat
and burst onto the surface.
The rocks deep underground
that are soaked in this mana
An enormous mana heat
source deep underground.
It's what makes this volcano
a strong magic region...
...Underground Cave?
Yultim...
Into the Yultim Underground Cave!
Yultim Volcano Underground Cave
You'll be heading underneath the volcano...
but it's only a supplement.
flowing through my sword and into my body,
Back then, I went into my
black state by using the power
Yeah...
If it stops working,
you'll be burnt to a crisp.
That one power of yours takes a lot out
of you and doesn't last for long, right?
You say that, but what are you even
going to do when you can't use Mana Skin?
And I'm going to just keep
moving forward to get stronger!
I will overcome this blazing mana with
my flame magic and reach the goal first!
All right! Let the training begin!
Huh?
If you lose control of your magic,
the item's effectiveness will be lost.
The Clover Kingdom.
It's a magic item that'll help
you use your Mana Skins,
What's this?
I will allow you to use this magic item.
For those who were brought
here unexpectedly,
What?!
Then be reduced to ash.
Wait, you can't expect us to
be able to do that right away!
and your body is constantly
protected by enormous mana.
Flawlessly don your magic like so,
Mana Skin is the perfect
state of your basic magic.
with your mana to some
degree in order to fight.